Welcome to module two, lesson one, the
optimization workflow. Now that you're
clear on how to find the hole sucking
profits in your Google Ads account, it's
important to know the actions to take on
an ongoing basis to make sure you stay
profitable. When I first started
managing Google Ads campaigns, I would
struggle to manage just a handful of
accounts by myself because it's so easy
to just to get distracted when you get
into the Ads manager. Not to mention
it's also really easy to fall into the
trap of reviewing things that simply
don't matter enough in the grand scheme
of things. After implementing my own
optimization workflow, I went from
barely managing five accounts to easily
managing 30 plus accounts back in my
agency days. I got so good at managing
Google Ads accounts efficiently that I
used to do white label work for other
agencies and manage all of their client
accounts as well. The optimization
workflow is what made the difference
possible. The workflow is broken out by
time frame, outlining the daily, weekly,
monthly, and quarterly optimization task
you should be implementing in your
accounts. Let's walk through it. So, if
you navigate here into uh the
optimization workflow, you're going to
notice that we have daily, weekly,
monthly, and quarterly tasks. You can
find this in your workbook and make a
copy of it. I'm actually going to zoom
in so you can see this much better.
And these are the different things that
I recommend that you do on these
different time frames. So, just walking
through how the template works is very
similar format. We've got our tasks on
the left, the task title, the different
uh time frames. We have some notes just
like the audit checklist. And then we
have here the ability to do uh to change
our status. So, is this done? Is it in
progress? And then uh who is responsible
for this and when was it last complete?
So, I went ahead and set up some
formulas where based on the time frame,
the last the the due date will
automatically update. So, for example,
if I put today is like 2 2 24, it'll
automatically say the due date is the
3rd of February. So, it'll add a day,
right? Cuz this is something you should
be doing on a daily basis.
Uh in addition to that, if I were to do
the same thing, but uh here
for our weeklies,
it'll add uh seven, right? And now it's
going to say 2 9 is the next time we
should do this. You can also set up
Google Calendar reminders. That's what I
used to do. So, just set up Google
Calendar reminders
uh for your different tasks as well is
really helpful. And I always tell my
team that manages client accounts
internally at AdAptive Conversion to
block an hour on your calendar every
single day and call it like your power
your power hour, your optimization hour,
or something, but just block an hour
every day where you're actually
optimizing your accounts. By doing that,
you will be proactive and you're going
to catch things much sooner before they
become potential fires. So, anyways,
this is the task list. Go ahead and make
a copy. Just click file, make a copy,
same as before, and uh I'm going to go
ahead and make a copy here that I'll use
as a run-through
for this template here.
And I will save that.
And now going through each one of these
items is quite extensive. Uh there's no
way we're going to be able to do that in
10 minutes effectively and give you guys
the substance that you need. So, for the
next remaining lessons, I'm going to be
talking through these different ones and
going through some key ones that I think
you should know of, but just know that
I'm linking different tutorials here.
So, some more like informal Loom video
tutorials that I created going over each
of the steps. So, in the spreadsheet, if
you want to just know about how to do a
certain step, you can just reference
these different Loom tutorials and I'll
just show you how to do that specific
step in a more casual setting. So, uh
you can use it as a reference, right?
So, you don't have to come back to the
course just to remember to do that step.
If you're working out of this template,
you can just click on that video
tutorial link and I got you covered.
Your action item for this lesson is to
make a copy of the Google Ads
optimization workflow template in your
course resources and follow along as we
dive into each part. I hope you received
a ton of value so far. Please share
AdAptive Conversion with your colleagues
or leave us a testimonial. We appreciate
your help spreading the word. See you in
the next one.
[Music]